a blast so strong it turns the sky
yellow the full force of Israel's BMS
some waning up to
2,000 each one obliterated this area of
the narat refugee
camp Israeli bombs in the AL magazi
refugee camp killed six members of the
thit
family neighbors gather around this body
before her relatives say
goodbye this is their target a woman her
children and her sister-in-law asleep in
their home a missile hits them what
religion or law could possibly allow
this even the laws they uphold what do
they target children a four-year-old boy
an 8-year-old girl and the eldest son
was
12 Israeli forces carried out a series
of strikes in southern G on Tuesday
killing dozens of
people in shock these people in khun
struggle to comprehend what
happened their residential block is and
runes F-16 rocket came down on the area
and destroyed the whole place we can't
get the Marchers out of here there's
still lots of people in there this house
was full I tell you there's young people
old people women four homes killed in
the homes fate hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians are trying to escape they
are being pushed out of parts of darl
Bah and Khan
yunas forced by Israeli evacuation
orders into the remaining 11% of the
Gaza
Street as you can see this place was
full of people but due to threats and
talks about entering this area it was
completely evacuated of people or almost
90% of the people and citizens left we
looking for a safe place and truly there
is no safe place in the entire Gaza
Strip Israeli evacuation orders are
making families desperate as they look
for somewhere to sleep soon they will
get another challenge getting water with
70% of desalination plants and water
wells in Gaza located inside evacuation
areas they have been caught from the
main sources some people even are
considering uh going back at the risk of
killed T abaz Al jaaz darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer